Okay.
So guys, generally what happens is when you submit a code on an online judge, then it will also check
for this freopen and all those things.
So if you do not know what is an online judge, I hope you have heard about the website called Spots
where we have some very classical problems for competitive programming and algorithms too.
And what is SPOJ, it is S P O J, O J means online judge similarly A2OJ
So there are various online judges out there.
You can like stick to one and try out all of it.
What is an online judge?
When we submit the code, we see that the code goes through an online judge.
What does that judge do?
It runs our code on input.txt file and it runs the code on the sample input test cases and
outputs the.
Like judges the output from the output.txt file right, it basically judges input and output that
whether the cout is printing, right thing or not, for that what we use, what we do is we use if
and def so that my these two files these two lines only work in my.
Local compiler and it does not
It does not work in the online judge
Right.
Here I have some new terms called if and def.
Let me explain you this.
It's very easy.
Not a big deal.
So.
I hope we all know about what is a define.
So whenever like we want to define something we, we write it over here , let's say define apaar
Right.
And what we can say is we can define apaar as something let's say apaar is this right?
So.
Okay.
So yeah, so we can define apaar as something.
But what I'm doing is I'm not defining apaar as something right now.
I'm just giving an example of if and def, right?
So as we saw let me build this as we saw we give input, 10 it gives me an output.
10 let's say I'm printing output n + 1 right, now what I want to do is I say if Apaar is not defined
let me write it.
If n def
Ifndef, ndef means not defined.
So similarly, we have another term called if, which is ifdef that means if defined cool, so ifndef
that means if not defined.
And let me write apaar
Right.
Then simply go to this.
int n
input n cout n and.
Here we'll write
endif that means if has ended like we used to do in python
So what happens is let me build this now.
What I see is I do not get any output over here.
Why, guys?
Because it says if apaar is not defined, then only run this piece of code.
What does, what we learn ifndef do is
It will not even compile this code.
If apaar is not defined, it will directly check for apaar.
If it is defined above somewhere in the code.
If it if it is defined, if it is if this term, the second term is defined, then only this particular
piece of code will be compiled.
Otherwise it will not be compiled.
So if I do not write n over here?
What happens?
Let me build this.
So I get an output.
cool, so similarly, what I can do is this way.
Let's let me just change it a little.
There are some sublime shortcuts, like as I did just now, it is command + control.
And we go up and down.
We can like drag some things, right?
We can duplicate lines.
There are some small, small shortcuts.
I want you to learn them all because I'll be using them all and they are really handy.
They they like save your time for copy pasting and editing right.
So.
Okay, so let's say I want to print only if print is defined.
Cool.
If define print then only cout n + 1, right?
So print is defined guys.
But let's say
print is not define.
Let's say.
Apaar right, now the print is not defined, so it will not print anything because this part of code is
not even compiled.
So if it is not compiled, compiler will not go and execute this part of code.
Cool, guys, I hope you understood what is ifndef .
and Ifdef means, so now let us move this over here.
Cool.
And endif what happens is whenever code runs in an online judge it is in ONLINE_JUDGE.
What happens we don't have to define online judge in our particular code, so we won't be defining anything.
Now guys, what happens if online judge is not defined?
See if you can easily see the ifndef
Just that means if online judge is not defined, then simply open this and open this, read input.
write output from here to here.
Right.
This works really well or at my local level.
Okay.
So this is working really well in local level.
So what happens if I submit the code, when I submit the code to any Online Judge?
So guys, like codechef, codeforces all these websites have an online judge behind them, which is
actually judging their code.
Right.
So what happens in those online judge, online judge is defined whenever online judge runs the code
the online judges.
So I'm not talking about all those.
Judges out there.
But yes, mostly in codechef, codeforces.
It will work.
Right.
But if you want to submit on hackerEarth or HackerRank then you need to comment
these lines out.
So I'm just giving you a simple hack to.
Use input.txt and output.txt in and the code in the same window.
So if online judge is not defined simply.
Open this and write this.
And also, we won't be ever defining online judge in our code.
So this works.
Right now.
What I'll do is I'll simply.
run this and I simply remove this right because this is a part.
where, you don't have to do anything now.
What I'll do is I'll simply make a snippet of this right?
So before making a snippet of this part, let me.
Okay.
Cool, So before making snippet of this part, what I want you to understand is that.
In competitive programming.
We what we do is we actually use.
cool, let's let's do that in the next.
No problem.
Let's let's make a snippet of this.
Right.
So in the next video, we will see snippet.
And after that, we'll see how to define some really handy shortcuts that we'll be using later.
So thank you guys, see you in the next part.